GitHub-ScreenReader-Instructions.md, before:

# Getting Started
These are the first steps for the beginner using GitHub with screen readers.
It's designed to walk the user through in an easy to understand manner.

## Navigating to the file
- Log in to GitHub
- Go to the blurringtheboundaries repository
- Once you have loaded the repository page, click the repositories link
- From the resulting page, select the desired repository from the list.  This list can be navigated by heading and clicked, but the name will not be recognised as a link.

## Creating a new file
- In the repository, click the Add File button
- Click the Create New File button

### Naming the file
- In the resulting page, navigate to the Name your file text field
- Type your file name

### Entering and formatting text in the main body 
#### Creating a heading
- To create a new heading, navigate to the first line of text and press the # sign followed by a space. Then type the text for the heading.
- Add a new line by pressing the enter key
- To create sub-level headings, type the pound sign the desired number of times followed by the space bar, then type the desired text.
  
#### Creating a bullet list
- Type a dash followed by a space, then the text of the bullet point.
- To create sub-level bullet points, type the hyphen key the number of times corresponding to the desired level of bullet point.

Commit message:

add rough notes from creating a repository

GitHub-ScreenReader-Instructions.md, after:

# Getting Started
These are the first steps for the beginner using GitHub with screen readers.
It's designed to walk the user through in an easy to understand manner.

## Navigating to the file
- Log in to GitHub.
- Go to the blurringtheboundaries repository
- Once you have loaded the repository page, click the repositories link
- From the resulting page, select the desired repository from the list.  This list can be navigated by heading and clicked, but the name will not be recognised as a link.

## Creating a new file
- In the repository, click the Add File button.
- Click the Create New File button.

### Naming the file
- In the resulting page, navigate to the Name your file text field.
- Type your file name.

### Entering and formatting text in the main body 
#### Creating a heading
- To create a new heading, navigate to the first line of text and press the # sign followed by a space. Then type the text for the heading.
- Add a new line by pressing the enter key.
- To create sub-level headings, type the pound sign the desired number of times followed by the space bar, then type the desired text.
  
#### Creating a bullet list
- Type a dash followed by a space, then the text of the bullet point.
- To create sub-level bullet points, type the hyphen key the number of times corresponding to the desired level of bullet point. 

# Creating a repository
- Navigate to the GitHub home page.
- Navigate to the create new popup menu button and click it.
- From this menu, select New repository
- Navigate to the repository name and name the repository. Spaces can not be used in the repository name. Use hyphens instead.
- Navigate to the repository description and type a short description.
- Choose whether to make the repository public or private by navigating to and selecting the desired radio button.
- Navigate to the Add a README file tick box and tick it if desired. A basic README file will be created automatically using the short description you wrote, once the repository is created.
- Leave Add .gitignore unticked.
- Tick the choose a license button. In the next step you will be taken to a form to choose the license.
- Finally, navigate to the create a repository button and click it.
